The file flatten_classification_general_utilities_demo.py  is the basic frame flatten_classification_frame.py with some of the general utilities blocks from flatten_classification_general_utilities.py merged into it. It uses the fossil_finder_classification_test.csv as the input file, and two picklists. One pick list for generating a user_name for higher volume not-logged-in users has two fields 'user_ip' and 'assigned_name' while the other, for adding a image-number based on the camera image number has fields 'subject_ids' and 'image_number'.  Note that while in this demo, image_number is a single string, there is no reason it could not be a list or tuple containing other information such as geo-reference coordinates, camera locations, or any other subject specific info the owner wants to import into the flattened classification output file.  Individual items of the imported list can be given their own field in the output file. 
The subject-image_number cross reference in this example was generated from the camera numbers in the subject_data metadata using a script based on the code in Block 4 of flatten_classification_general_utilities.py.  That block could also have been used here in place of the second pick list, but I want to demo a file merge.
The order of the fields in the output file was modified, and at this point the annotations column has not been flattened (this demo is only to show the general utilities merged with the basic frame). 

The file flatten_classification_general_utilities_demo_2.py is a second example, in this case parsing the subject_data field to obtain an image_name from the filename uploaded with the images.  Unlike the previous example above, the comments in the Frame have been left and the order of the output field was not modified - ie this merge has been done with minimal customization using the building blocks as they are, as much as possible. It was tested with the classification download from Amazon Aerobotany. As written it would not work with the fossil-finder-classification_test.csv data since that project does not have file names in the subject_data.  The parsing block could be slightly modified to find the camera image numbers in the Fossil Finder subject_data as shown in Block 4 of flatten_classification_general_utilities.py
